*** Programming environment ***
The entire code was independently written in Python 3.10.13. The packages were installed using a plain virtual environment generated by miniconda3. To install the required packages that are not provided along the Python Standard Library, execute the command ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` in this folder. 
If you execute cnn.py, please remember to set the computing device accordingly to ```cuda:0``` or ```cpu``` at the top of the file.

*** Packages and their purpose ***
The following packages are used in the code:
- matplotlib.pyplot: Plot functions
- matplotlib.colors: CCS colors for plots
- matplotlib.patches: Manually defined legends for plots
- numpy: Data processing
- idx2numpy: Convert idx data to a numpy array
- time: Logging
- torch: Tensors, Optimizers and CNN Building Blocks
- random: Reproducibility
- os: Setting environment variables for CUDA 

*** Hyperparameters and their abbreviations ***
The hyperparameters and their abbreviations are specified in the following. 

I provided some hyperparameters to easily control execution of modular functionality in my code.
- PLOT_SHOW: If true, every plot is shown.
- PLOT_SAVE: If true, every plot is saved to the relative "Latex Report/Figures" folder path.
- WRITE_TO_FILE: If true, the experiment results are written to the results.txt file.

For the own implementation of the CNN, the following hyperparameters are considered:
- LAYER_DEPTH: Number of convolutional layers,
- KRNLSIZE: Size (width and height) of the kernels for convolutional layers,
- POOLKRNLSIZE: Size (width and height) of the kernels for pooling layers,
- PAD: Padding (width and height) of the inputs for convolutional layers,
- DIL: Dilation (width and height) of the inputs for convolutional layers,
- STRIDE: Stride (width and height) of the kernels for convolutional layers,
- ACT: Activation function after each convolutional layer,
- FCLAYERWIDTH: Number of weights in the hidden fully connected layer.

*** Figures ***
In the "Latex Report/Figures" folder, I added the raw figures of the training curves.

*** File and directory overview ***
- requirements.txt: Lists the package names imported into the Python script
- cnn.py: Python script containing the CNN experiments 
- Experiment Report HW10.pdf: Experiment report
- results.txt: Training progress, test accuracy and confusion matrix for all CNN models
- Figures: Figures generated by the Python script. I had to move them out of the Figures folder because their file name was too long for Windows.