*** Programming environment ***
The entire code was independently written in Python 3.12.0. The packages were installed using a plain virtual environment generated by miniconda3. Besides the Python Standard Library, only the four following packages were imported.

Execute the command ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` in this folder to install the matplotlib package. The other three packages should be provided along with the standard python library.

*** Packages and their purpose ***
- csv: Process dataset format
- matplotlib.pyplot: Plot functions
- scikit-learn: SVM Model
- pandas: Data processing
- numpy: Data processing

*** Hyperparameters and their abbreviations ***
Throughout the file names and file contents, the hyperparameter choice for each experiment is specified. The hyperparameters and their abbreviations are provided in the report.

*** Raw Result Files ***
The raw classification results in the Training and Testing Phase are stored in results_train_test.txt.
Above each result, the concrete values for the hyperparameters described above are given. Each result contains the count of True/False Positives/Negatives and the resulting accuracy. 

Analogously, the results_crossval.txt contain the Cross Validation results. It contains the error (FN+FP)/(TN+FN+FP+TP) for each CV iteration and the aggregated mean error.

Per default, the content written to the files is also printed to the terminal when the python file is executed.

*** Figures ***
Please refer to the "Latex Report/Figures" folder to access the figures generated by matplotlib. The naming scheme categorizes the pictures by the hyperparameters specified above.

Each figure is used and described in the experiment report.

*** File and directory overview ***
- requirements.txt: Lists the package names imported into the Python script
- results_train_test.txt: Raw train and test classification results
- results_crossval.txt: Raw cross validation results
- results_feature_importance.txt: Feature importance output
- Figures folder: Contains all figures used in the report
- rt.py: Python script containing all the code 
- Experiment Report HW5.pdf: Experiment report