*** Programming environment ***
The entire code was independently written in Python 3.10.13. The packages were installed using a plain virtual environment generated by miniconda3. To install the required packages that are not provided along the Python Standard Library, execute the command ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` in this folder. 

*** Packages and their purpose ***
The following packages are used in the code:
- matplotlib.pyplot: Plot functions
- matplotlib.colors: CCS colors for plots
- matplotlib.patches: Manually defined legends for plots
- numpy: Data processing
- idx2numpy: Convert idx data to a numpy array
- pca: Perform Principal Component Analysis
- umap: Perform Uniform Manifold Approximation
- time: Generate unique figure filenames

*** Hyperparameters and their abbreviations ***
The hyperparameters and their abbreviations are specified in the following. 

I provided some hyperparameters to easily control execution of modular functionality in my code.
- PLOT_SHOW: If true, every plot is shown.
- PLOT_SAVE: If true, every plot is saved to the relative "Latex Report/Figures" folder path.
- WRITE_TO_FILE: If true, score results of the K-Means Clustering are written to the results.txt file.
- EXECUTE_UNIFORM_TEST: If true, a simple demonstration of my NJW implementation of 3 linearly separable uniform distributions is executed.
- EXECUTE_TASK1: If true, the code for experiment task 1 is executed. 
- EXECUTE_TASK2: If true, the code for experiment task 2 is executed. 
- EXECUTE_TASK3: If true, the code for experiment task 3 is executed. 

For UMAP, the following hyperparameters are set to values that yielded good results in the last experiment.
- N_NEIGHBOURS: Number of neighbours on which to base the fuzzy topology
- MIN_DIST: Minimum distance between elements to be connected
- SPREAD: Spread coefficient
- METRIC: Distance metric
- MINKOWSKI_P: P value for Minkowski distance metric

For the own implementation of the NJW Algorithm, the following hyperparameters are used:
- ZERO_TOL: Absolute tolerance under which values are replaced by 0 to ensure numerical stability.
- SAMPLE_SIZE: Number of samples to construct the affinity matrix for.
- K_MEANS_MAX_ITERATIONS: Maximum number of iterations for the K-Means Clustering algorithm.
- K_MEANS_TOL: Absolute threshold to indicate convergence of the k means in the K-Means Clustering algorithm.

*** Figures ***
In the "Latex Report/Figures" folder, I added the raw figures of the clustering results on the example uniform mixture distributions because they are not mentioned in my report.

*** File and directory overview ***
- requirements.txt: Lists the package names imported into the Python script
- clustering.py: Python script containing the clustering experiments 
- Experiment Report HW9.pdf: Experiment report
- results.txt: BIC score results for all clustering tasks
- Latex Report/Figures: Figures generated by the Python script