*** Programming environment ***
The entire code was independently written in Python 3.12.0. The packages were installed using a plain virtual environment generated by miniconda3. Besides the Python Standard Library, only the four following packages were imported.

Execute the command ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` in this folder to install the matplotlib package. The other three packages should be provided along with the standard python library.

*** Packages and their purpose ***
- csv: Process dataset format
- math: Calculate log and exp function values
- random: Generate random integers
- matplotlib.pyplot: Plot functions

*** Cross Validation Results ***
Please refer to cross_validation_results.md to find the raw data results of the 10-fold Cross Validation applied on the logistic regression model with learning rate 0.01, 6000n training iterations and randomized sample choice. It contains the count of True/False Positives/Negatives and the accuracy for each CV iteration. Per default, this output is also printed to the terminal when the python file is executed. For details, please refer to the report.

*** Figures ***
Please refer to the figures folder to access the figures generated by matplotlib. The naming scheme categorizes the pictures by 
- their content (ROC curve, Training Error)
- whether the sample order was deterministic (DET) or randomized (RAND) (for details, please refer to the report)
- which learning rate (LR) was chosen (10-n equates to 10^{-n})
- how many iterations (STEPS) the loss update was performed (3000n, 6000n) 

The figures are all used and described in the report written in Latex.

*** File and directory overview ***
- requirements.txt: Lists the package names imported into the Python script
- cross_validation_results.md: Raw cross validation results
- Figures folder: Contains all figures used in the report
- logregr.py: Python script containing all the code 