*** Programming environment ***
The entire code was independently written in Python 3.10.13. The packages were installed using a plain virtual environment generated by miniconda3. To install the required packages that are not provided along the Python Standard Library, execute the command ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` in this folder.

*** Packages and their purpose ***
The following packages are used in the code:
- matplotlib.pyplot: Plot functions
- numpy: Data processing
- time: Logging
- torch: Tensors, Optimizers and CNN Building Blocks
- random: Reproducibility

*** Hyperparameters and their abbreviations ***
The hyperparameters and their abbreviations are specified in the following. 

I provided some hyperparameters to easily control execution of modular functionality in my code.
- PLOT_SHOW: If true, every plot is shown.
- PLOT_SAVE: If true, every plot is saved to the relative "Latex Report/Figures" folder path.
- WRITE_TO_FILE: If true, the experiment results are written to the results.txt file.

For the own implementation of the LSTM Text Classificator, the following hyperparameters are considered:
- EMBEDDING_DIM: Size of the input sequence embedding,
- HIDDEN_DIM: Size of the hidden layer in the LSTM,
- LSTM_LAYERS: Number of layers the LSTM is repeated for,
- NOLSTM: Skip the LSTM and feed embedding directly into linear layer.

*** Figures ***
In the "Latex Report/Figures" folder, I added the raw figures of the training curves.

*** File and directory overview ***
- requirements.txt: Lists the package names imported into the Python script
- lstm.py: Python script containing the LSTM experiments 
- Experiment Report HW11.pdf: Experiment report
- results.txt: Training progress, test accuracy, cross entropy loss and confusion matrix for all LSTM models
- Figures: Figures generated by the Python script.