*** Programming environment ***
The entire code was independently written in Python 3.12.0. The packages were installed using a plain virtual environment generated by miniconda3. Besides the Python Standard Library, only the four following packages were imported.

Execute the command ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` in this folder to install the matplotlib package. The other three packages should be provided along with the standard python library.

*** Packages and their purpose ***
- csv: Process dataset format
- time: For result logging
- matplotlib.pyplot: Plot functions
- scikit-learn: MLP Model, Training and Evaluation

*** Hyperparameters and their abbreviations ***
Throughout the file names and file contents, the hyperparameter choice for each experiment is specified. The following abbreviations are used:
- LR: the learning rate
- IT: the maximum iterations for training
- ACT: the activation function
- RR: the regularization rate
- MR: the momentum rate 

*** Raw Result Files ***
The raw classification results in the Training and Testing Phase are stored in results_train_test.txt.
Above each result, the concrete values for the hyperparameters described above are given. It contains the count of True/False Positives/Negatives and the resulting accuracy. 

Analogously, the results_crossval.txt contain the Cross Validation results. It contains the negative log loss for each CV iteration and the aggregated mean.

Per default, the content written to the files is also printed to the terminal when the python file is executed.

*** Figures ***
Please refer to the figures folder to access the Training Error Curve figures generated by matplotlib. The naming scheme categorizes the pictures by the hyperparameters specified above.

Each figure is used and described in the experiment report.

*** File and directory overview ***
- requirements.txt: Lists the package names imported into the Python script
- results_train_test.txt: Raw train and test classification results
- results_crossval.txt: Raw cross validation results
- Figures folder: Contains all figures used in the report
- mlp.py: Python script containing all the code 
- Experiment Report HW3.pdf: Experiment report